Where did you first hear about the WEF?

About two years ago my father recommended the book "The Fourth Industrial Revolution" by Professor Klaus Schwab
to me, since he knew that I work on projects related to Artificial Intelligence and IoT.
I remember that in the book, prof. Schwab mentions that the technologies on the watch list is based on research
done by World Economic Forum.
So I first heard it about WEF via this book.
A very intriguing book with a lot interesting references, provides a visualization of the trend technology is taking us.
As he says, the fourth industrial revolution does not change what we are doing but it changes us.

After this book, I also remember reading an article by SwissInfo after the Davos 2018, that the World Economic Forum announced
the setup of a new Global Centre for Cybersecurity to help build a safe and secure global cyberspace.
With an aim to establish a global platform for governments, businesses, academic experts and law enforcement agencies to collaborate
upon cybersecurity challenges.
I found this initiative as an impartial platform to reduce global cyber attacks to be extremely practical and interesting.

Describe in your own words what is this position about.

This position would involve identifying the key trends in information security domain and which entities are influencing these trends.
Analyze these developments and drive research to interpret and further scrutinize them to support the projects of centre for cybersecurity.
The position also entails coordination of forums dynamic knowledge tool the cybersecurity transformation map.
This involves ensuring that the knowledge is up to date, easing the exploration and navigation and curating the knowledge graph to be more insightful.
Furthermore, the research and analysis specialist should undertake responsibilities as needed by the strategic framework.
The reporting will be done to the strategic initiatives and implementation manager of the center of cybersecurity.
The work will be done along with subject matter managers, internal forum colleagues and external stakeholders.
Finally communicate the research in a clear and concise manner through the means of a news letter in terms which are
understandable not only by tech folk but general public by large as cybersecurity should concern everyone using technology.

What do you expect to learn in this position?

1. How to use an impartial platform to bring together public and private interests to converge on a minima, in this case, reducing global cyber attacks.
2. How to develop intensified cooperation strategies for information sharing
3. How to strategize promotion of good security practices such as privacy by design.
4. How to zoom out and think of a bigger picture which involves considering all the dimensions of cybersecurity starting with the technology domain,
the laws and regulations surrounding the tech., social and behavioral aspects, cybersecurity insurance etc.
5. Leadership skills from individuals who strategize along with global political and business leaders.
6. From a more emotional intelligence perspective I want to learn the key skills essential for successful and diplomatic exchange of ideas with global
political and Business leaders.
7. What are best means to highlight the risks associated with participating in illegal cyber activities.
8. How fair are the new technologies towards people from all backgrounds and what are the best measures to take to address them?
9. To be a better person.

How this position fit with your career plans?
My high level career plan was always be the best at what I do and contribute my skills towards improving the state of our world.
More specifically I wanted to build a horizontal profile before beginning my PhD to get to know all the domains I was interested in.
I chose to do a PhD in Information Systems focussing on AI and Information security as these are the fields which attracted me the most.
While doing my research I also realized that only focusing on the technological aspects to address security issues is not sufficient.
Thus I also got certifications in Information security law.
I also collaborated with business labs to understand people perception of information security.
Now that I have a deeper understanding of the factors governing security in general, I planned to build my career which requires knowledge of
all these fields but at the same time contribute towards make the word safer, increase the resilience of public towards cyber attacks and make the
world a better place.
This this position fits perfectly with my career plans.


What makes you a perfect fit for this position?

I believe as soon to finish my PhD, I have ample experience in reviewing the latest research in the field of security and AI and thus I am confidant that
I can drive the research and analyze and forecast the trends in this field.
I have worked on several applied and methodological projects and published my research in premier outlets, I believe this fact backs up my research potential.
Furthermore, I have presented my findings in top-tier AI and security conferences and always received interesting questions positive feedback from the attendees.
Moreover I enjoy giving presentations to people who are not necessarily in the technical field which makes me think of how to communicate research in the most effective
way.
To this end, I have been invited to give at public events and companies.
Furthermore, I have worked on knowledge graph structures and have the necessary experience to curate the cybersecurity transformation map.
I have demonstrated my leadership skills by patterning with industries and international labs.
I have managed the projects successfully to meet the goals provided to me by the industries and I also led a project involving authors from diverse cultures
to get a publication in a top tier machine learning venue.
In addition to my technical abilities and leadership skills I also posses professional certification in Security law, I have a network of people
who work on cyber security related topics be it tech, cybersecurity insurance, social and behavioral and organizational learning and economics of security sharing.
I also want to say that my passion for information security extends beyond the work environment.
I watch videos from top-tier security conferences such as Defcon, Black hat and Nullcon as a hobby.
I spent countless hours of my free time browsing hackernews forums and twitter to get the perception of public and journalists towards latest security trends, hacks and data leaks.
I believe I am trustworthy, honest, enjoy working in a team and apologize if I commit any mistakes.
More importantly I am not afraid to ask for help and I have never found anyone who said no when
I asked and I will try to be as responsive to pay that debt of gratitude back.
I am a dooer, I learnt that one needs to act to get things done and be willing to fail.

If you could ask your interviewer a question what would you ask them?
What are the company’s values? What characteristics do you look for in employees in order to represent those values?
What does success look like in this position, and how do you quantify it?

Is there anything else that you want to add and tell about you?
Yes, I want to say that security is something which is very close to my heart, I have seen peoples life ruined due to poor decisions.
The hacking of the biometric database in my country left several farmers without food and water for multiple week.
I want to ensure that such things can be proactively prevented and I will try my best to do so using this neutral platform in
I am accessed as the right candidate for the job.
