Tell me something about yourself:
***Smile please smile!!!!!
1 minute max.!!
Show your presentation skills!
Resume already seen, cover letter already seen!
Show urself as presentable, charismatic, likable

This is an incredible opportunity
Speak smoothly, no suturing, impress people by the way you speak
communication skills, language skills

1 minute pitch:

Current role:
Good morning, My name is Vaibhav Kulkarni.
I have been working at HEC-Lausanne as a doctoral researcher and graduating teaching assistant for last 3 and half years.
During this time, I have worked on 5 methodological and applied research projects associated with AI and Information security.
I have worked with industrial partners, International labs, analyzed their problems, developed strategies as a team and implemented them.
Additionally, I have managed and developed content for graduate level courses, mentored master thesis students and led several large scale
data collection campaigns.

Background:
Prior to HEC-Lausanne, I was working at the Distributed Systems Lab at ETH Zurich where I worked on a platform to facilitate IoT research related to a
startup venture I began a year before that.
I was able to deploy in system at ETH Zurich and TU Berlin and graduated my masters with the highest honors.
I have a double major in Information Technology and Embedded Systems along with a minor in Business and Entreprenurship from TU Berlin and TU Eindhoven.
I not only posses the technical knowledge but also have professional certifications in information security laws and law and economics of media platforms.
Before coming to Europe I worked with a IoT secure platform startup which has grown 5 fold in the last 4 years and making tremendous strides in the file of
wireless security.

Future ambitions:
Now I am looking forward to take my career at the next level with level as a research and cybersecurity analyst with the newly formed wef cybersecurity center.
With my experience working with Internet security related startups, doing a PhD in the field of information security and privacy, interacting with a networking of Info-sec
community on a daily basis I am confident that I am suitable for this role.
I am a highly passionate about information security as a field so much so that I watch DefCon videos as a hobby and spend numerous hours of my free time browsing reddit info-sec and privacy forum for the
next big security leak and the views on it from the info-sec community.


Why should we hire you???

I fit in well with the organization culture, I posses all the skillset and the experience required.
Hiring me will make them look smart.
I can help with the transformational map, I have the network, I know the right platforms to gather information from and the right venues to attend.
I can add a very strong value to your organization.
I can generate those results.
Methodologies can I apply.
Unwritten requirements:

Where do u see yourself in 5 years?
DO NOT TRY TO BE FUNNY!!!
Show that I am committed.
I am not here to find the next best offer.
I am not a jumper.
Ambitions and assertive character.


I would like to deliver to the best of my abilities while learning from the best.
Having said that, I see myself 5 years down the road growing into a managerial role and
demonstrating my leadership capabilities. More importantly, I want to be a part of organization where
I feel I share all of its values, especially when it comes to global cybersecurity threats.
Finally, I want to contribute to the success of the center for cybersecurity where it is being seen as a prominent
organizations where global leaders, industries and academics can come together and resolve info-sec conflicts with the ultimate goal of making this world a safer place for all.


What are you weaknesses?

Make yourself trustworthy.
Tell them that you can say sorry.
Will you be motivated when the times are hard.
I have 0 pride, 0 self-entitlement
HONESTY!!!!!

Be specific:
I am not the best when it comes to design!
I tend to spend a lot of hours in selecting for example the slide design or graphics for the website etc.
I am not a good designer.
However I am working on it, Using software such as Omnigraffel to improve upon this.

Sometimes I can be confrontational, when I feel that the issue is obvious enough.
Although I fell that I have mastered the art of confrontation in certain cultures

Sometimes it is difficult for be to get an intuitive understanding of some statistical ideas.
However I am reading a book by Harvey Motulsky to improve upon this.
